<h>Astrology</h><br/><br/>
<p>Astrology is the practice of trying to figure out the future depending on where the stars were on the day of ones birth. If you go out right before dawn and look to the east right where the sun is about to rise there should be a pattern of stars or a constellation. There are 12 or 13 of constellations that lay in the path of the suns movement across the sky and these are Ares, Taurus, Scorpio, Leo, Gemini, Cancer, Sagittarius, Aquarius, Virgo, Pisces, Libra, Capricornus  Scorpius and Ophiucus    This is a form of pseudoscience because it has been determined over the years by studies including twins that the there is no influence by the gravity of the stars and sometimes the planets in that constellation. There have been many different versions that have been invented over thousands of years and different cultures, but the one that dominates western culture is based off the Greek model where they had stories based off the constellations like Andromeda the princess riding the winged horse Pegasus, and her mother Cassiopiea on her thrown (that one that looks like an M or a W). Plus the Greeks named the stars that moved sometimes forward (prograde) or backwards (retrograde)  on the background  of none moving stars wanderers or planets and named them after the gods Mercury/Hermes the messenger god whose planet moved the fastest and found to orbit the sun fastest at only 88 days, Venus after the goddess of love and beauty how wrong was that, Mars after the god of War, Jupiter/Jove/Zeus the king of the gods, and Saturn named after the god of agriculture and wealth. In the past astronomers were often astrologers as well this was because they were hired by the nobility or monarch and their bosses like to find any advantage they thought could help or it was to find their serious work Kepler and Cassini were astrologers for at least part of their careers. Depending how you came into astronomy you might use the constellations to tell where a certain object is in lie M1 the crab nebula is Taurus, M42 the Orion nebula is in Orion and M31 the Andromeda galaxy is in the constellation Andromeda. Also star names are either a pacific name or starting from the brightest to the dimmest star they start at Alpha like Alpha Lyra or Vega then Beta Lyra and so on. Also since the constellations face different directions   certain constellations are more likely to have different kinds of objects, Taurus and the Pleiades are areas of star forming so young stars are more likely there, constellations that are same dirction as the Milky Way have  globular star clusters, Orion has a lot of nebula, constellations that look out of the galaxy have a lot of galaxies in them   The names of the stars are usually a based off a bad translations of the Arabic names of the stars because after the Greeks and Romans astronomy and astrology kind slowed down and Europe and the Arabs took over for a while that is why stars like Betelgeuse have different pronunciations usually by most a soft g. Since a lot of ancient cultures used objects and events in the sky there are a lot of records of such things like comets which were seen as omens or signs of bad times, or a bad star which became disaster. Eclipses were also seen as bad signs, sometimes battles were called off if and eclipse happened. In China there is a tale of two Imperial  astronomers Ho and Hi  who figured out when the next eclipse would happen and then before telling anyone went out and got drunk and got there heads cut off.    </p><br/><br/>
